# Subscribe to comp.lang.c

For client, we don't need the huge GUI stuff. Just use Gnus. Inside Emacs type `M-x gnus`.

> You would need to connect to an NNTP server before you can subscribe to the comp.lang.c newsgroup. They used to come with service from your ISP but that is quite rare these days, but could be simple as news.yourprovidername.com. Or perhaps there's a free NNTP server out there?
>
> Next, once you have a NNTP server name, enter that name for Server Name (where the screenshot now erroneously shows the group name comp.lang.c).
>
> Finally, Thunderbird will show you a list of all groups, where you can select the group(s) you want.
> 
> Otherwise you could use Google Groups in your browser.
>
> answered Nov 14 '10 at 7:22
>
> I could suggest Eternal September and Aioe.org. (Note that since Aioe.org does not require registration, posts from it are likely to be blocked by other Usenet servers.) – grawity Nov 14 '10 at 13:12 

by [fideli](https://superuser.com/users/19999/fideli) at [How to subscribe to comp.lang.c using Mozilla Thunderbird?](https://superuser.com/questions/210665/how-to-subscribe-to-comp-lang-c-using-mozilla-thunderbird)

commented by [grawity](https://superuser.com/users/1686/grawity)

# Multi Desktop

You can switch to another virtual terminal and `statrx` to get more desktops.

# Mount DD

You can mount a dd'd file. Like:
  
  $ sudo dd if=/dev/sdd  > /mnt/sda6/01/ipod_180331.dd
  $ sudo umount /mnt/sdd
  $ sudo mkdir /mnt/sdd
  $ sudo mount -o ro ipod_180331.dd /mnt/sdd
  
# Build with TCC

    $ ./configure CC=tcc

# Disassemble

> objdump -D -b binary -mi386 -Maddr16,data16 mbr
>
> answered Nov 15 '09 at 9:42

by [hlovdal](https://stackoverflow.com/users/23118/hlovdal) at [How do I disassemble raw x86 code?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1737095/how-do-i-disassemble-raw-x86-code)


# Get a core dump

> This depends on what shell you are using. If you are using bash, then the ulimit command controls several settings relating to program execution, such as whether you should dump core. If you type
>
> ulimit -c unlimited
>
> then that will tell bash that its programs can dump cores of any size. You can specify a size such as 52M instead of unlimited if you want, but in practice this shouldn't be necessary since the size of core files will probably never be an issue for you.
> 
> In tcsh, you'd type
>
> limit coredumpsize unlimited
>
> edited Nov 17 '08 at 22:22
>
> answered Aug 20 '08 at 13:50
>
> @lzprgmr: To clarify: the reason why core dumps are not generated by default is that the limit is not set and/or set to 0, which prevents the core from being dumped. By setting a limit of unlimited, we guarantee that core dumps can always be generated. – Eli Courtwright Aug 9 '11 at 12:30

by [Eli Courtwright](https://stackoverflow.com/users/1694/eli-courtwright) at [How to generate a core dump in Linux when a process gets a segmentation fault?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17965/how-to-generate-a-core-dump-in-linux-when-a-process-gets-a-segmentation-fault)

> As explained above the real question being asked here is how to enable core dumps on a system where they are not enabled. That question is answered here.
> 
> If you've come here hoping to learn how to generate a core dump for a hung process, the answer is
> 
> gcore <pid>
>
> if gcore is not available on your system then
>
> kill -ABRT <pid>
> 
> Don't use kill -SEGV as that will often invoke a signal handler making it harder to diagnose the stuck process
>
>
> edited Sep 22 '16 at 20:51
>
> answered Feb 5 '13 at 14:28

edited by [tcooc](https://stackoverflow.com/users/368772/tcooc)

answered by [George Colpitts](https://stackoverflow.com/users/893982/george-colpitts)

at [How to generate a core dump in Linux when a process gets a segmentation fault?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17965/how-to-generate-a-core-dump-in-linux-when-a-process-gets-a-segmentation-fault)

> What I did at the end was attach gdb to the process before it crashed, and then when it got the segfault I executed the generate-core-file command. That forced generation of a core dump.
>
> answered Aug 20 '08 at 17:33
>
>How did you attach gdb to the process ? – Chani May 31 '13 at 4:03
> 
> To answer to Ritwik G, to attach a process to gdb, simply launch gdb and enter 'attach <pid>' where <pid> is the pid number of the process you want to attach. – Jean-Dominique Frattini Jun 13 '13 at 20:47

by [Nathan Fellman](https://stackoverflow.com/users/1084/nathan-fellman) at [How to generate a core dump in Linux when a process gets a segmentation fault?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17965/how-to-generate-a-core-dump-in-linux-when-a-process-gets-a-segmentation-fault)

# Convert Medias with FFMPEG

    $ ffmpeg -i input.mp4 output.avi

# Grayscalize a PDF

Using GhostScript:

    $ gs -sOutputFile=output.pdf -sDEVICE=pdfwrite -sColorConversionStrategy=Gray -dProcessColorModel=/DeviceGray -dCompatibilityLevel=1.4 -dNOPAUSE -dBATCH input.pdf

or using ImageMagick:

    $ convert -colorspace GRAY color.pdf gray.pdf

# Convert PDF to Image-Based Ones

    $ pdftoppm -r 300 text.pdf | convert -page A4 - text.pdf.ppm.pdf

> This converts to a pixel-based format and increases file size significantly (10x for my test case).
